# CS360

I developed a mobile app for android devices that would allow users to enter their weight once per day.  The app would allow for multiple users and once a user logged in they would stay logged in until they logged themselves out.  The app would display the data for the user and send them a text message when they reached their pre-determined goal.
The app utilizes a login screen, a register screen, a home screen, a setting screen, a data entry screen, and a view data screen.  It uses a sqlite database to store user details and weight entries.  It uses sharedpreferences to store login information.  It also uses permissions to get permission from the user to text them.
My approach to coding the app was to visualize the flow of data and make sure the UI was consistent throught the app.  I started with the login/register action and once that was working I went on one activity at a time.
I tested the app by creating a user and trying to enter data or perform actions that would cause an error.  I occasionally had to go back to activities that were complete to make changes to support other activities.
During the full design and development process my biggest struggles were with Android Studio and my emulators not working.  I was able to overcome those issues and don't forsee them being a problem in the future, but it took a lot of time away from the project.
I think I did especially well on the permissions from the user.  The user could update their settings to allow text messages, but if they tried to remove them I was able to give them a message telling them to disable them in their phone settings.
